SUPREME WINDOW API TUTORIAL CONTINUED

' *** IT IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED THAT YOU READ MY FIRST WINDOW API TUTORIAL ON PSC FIRST! *** '

This continued version deals with the problem of "multiple textboxes (and other controls) on one window!" Yes, it can be troubling to try to retrieve info from one textbox and get data from another. Fear not, I know how to fix it. If you read my first tutorial, then you know about the FindWindowEx api, and how I claimed that "no one used the second hwnd parameter." Well, that parameter is actually how you access multiple controls on a window (I wasn't informed about it before, but I started c++ and now API is the only way to do things, so I am much more comfortable!). Check it out! KEYWORDS: FindWindow FindWindowEX findwindow findwindowex FINDWINDOW FINDWINDOWEX Multiple multiple Controls controls API api Api Continued continued Many MANY WINDOW window

Anyway, the findwindowex API lookes something like this:
 FindWindowEx (ByVal hWnd1 As Long, ByVal hWnd2 As Long, ByVal lpsz1 As String, ByVal lpsz2 As String) As Long

Well, the first hwnd (window) parameter deals with the main window you are searching on, and THE SECOND deals with multiple controls. How is that? Well, you would put the window handle of a previous control in that so it will conviently skip that control. In other words, when you have the window handle of another control already, just include it in that so it would get the data from that control, but rather the control you want it to. I HAVE INCLUDED FILES (SOURCE EXAMPLES) with this tutorial, so download them please :-).
I included the source for a quick pure Win32 c++ app to use as an example, but I also included a vb example program (All you really need is a program that has three textboxes on it, but vb has wierd class names like thunderedit and all that, where as c++ has the standard "Edit" class name that we see in all other programs written in  pure Win32 Languages (Like notepad etc). We will use this for an example. This code will refer to that program, so you must have the downloaded and open when running our vb code!
Ok, my source is WELL commented, so just take it from there. I have included both the source to this and the c++ program. If you have any further questions after DOWNLOADING and trying everything out, then email me at:   webmaster@jaimemuscatelli.zzn.com .   Please vote for me, and check out my first tutorial and my other tutorials.
' If you are interested in learning c++, see my exclusive tutorial on PSC that is a vb to c++ tutorial. Just search for vb to c++ or something (or go to the "All submissions by this author").